Q1) How long normally for a data port application to complete?
A1) Normally it takes 4-6 weeks after approval is sought. Sometime it may take longer time to complete depends on the location, please check with your local IT.


Q2) Does GOPC using the same form to apply for data port?
A2) Please use the same form with all kind of data port and location.


Q3) For the field "Type of installation" which type should I choose for a medical data port?
A3) Information as follow
-Type 0: For any existing network hubs relocation, current network connections will be affected. Please click the box for “Request for Quotation Only” to schedule site visit. And it takes at least 3-6 months to carry out the work from the date of funding confirmation.
-Type 1: New Installation and metallic conduit is already built by HPFM contractor: $2,100
-Type 2: New Installation and HA Data Port Contractor builds metallic conduit: $3,600
-Type 3: New Installation WIFI Access Point and metallic conduit is already built by HPFM contractor: $8,500
-Type 4: New Installation HA or medical equipment WIFI Access Point and HA Data Port Contractor builds metallic conduit: $10,000Remark


Q4) For type 4 (medical equipment WIFI) installation, do I need additional data port for the access point?
A4) Subject to local IT site survey


Q5) If I have more than 1 usage for the data port, do I need to fill them all in the "Usage" column?
A5) Each data port should serve single use, please consider to apply addition data port


Q6) Where can I find the data port ID for relocation?
A6) Data ID marked on Data port panel with label. If label cannot be found, please contact your local IT.


Q7) For data port was funded by 2 or more COA, do I need to request in different form?
A7) The system only accepts one COA to each request. For split of funding, please also submit for another application.


Q8) When will the last date for data port application in order to settle the fund in this financial year?
A8) Mid Dec each year

